feat: MCPB bundle (Claude Desktop), Claude Code CLI plugin, and Claude Code MCP config (#97)
cap-js/mcp-server: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

> ## Version 0.0.4 - tbd

Author: ```suggestion
## Version 0.0.4 - 2026-03-06
```

### Added

> - Files for MCPB bundle (Claude Desktop), Claude Code CLI plugin, and Claude Code MCP config

Author: ```suggestion
- Support for MCP Bundles (Claude Desktop), Claude Code CLI plugin, and Claude Code MCP config
```
